Getting started guides for Kyma (#9296)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/getting-started/08-connect-external-application.md

  metadata:
    name: xf-mocks
    namespace: orders-service
  spec:
    repositories:
      - url: github.com/sap/xf-addons/addons/index.yaml
  EOF
  ```

   > **NOTE:** The `index.yaml` file is a manifest for APIs of SAP Marketing Cloud, SAP Cloud for Customer, and SAP Commerce Cloud applications.

2. Check that the AddonsConfiguration CR was created. Its phase should state `Ready`:

  ```bash
  kubectl get addonsconfigurations xf-mocks -n orders-service -o=jsonpath="{.status.phase}"
  ```

3. Create the ServiceInstance CR with Commerce mock:

  ```yaml
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: servicecatalog.k8s.io/v1beta1
  kind: ServiceInstance
  metadata:
    name: commerce-mock
    namespace: orders-service
  spec:
    serviceClassExternalName: commerce-mock
    servicePlanExternalName: default
  EOF
  ```

4. Check that the ServiceInstance CR was created. The last condition in the CR status should state `Ready True`:

   ```bash
   kubectl get serviceinstance commerce-mock -n orders-service -o=jsonpath="{range .status.conditions[*]}{.type}{'\t'}{.status}{'\n'}{end}"
   ```
   </details>
   <details>
   <summary label="console-ui">
   Console UI
   </summary>

> 1. Switch to the `orders-service` Namespace, and go to **Configuration** > **Addons** in the left navigation panel.

Author: Is this what you had in mind?
```
Switch to the `orders-service` Namespace. In the left navigation panel, go to **Configuration** > **Addons**.
```

> 1. Switch to the `orders-service` Namespace, and go to **Configuration** > **Addons** in the left navigation panel.

Reviewer: I meant [this discussion](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296/#discussion_r478377224) that we had in one of the previous comments about commas in a similar sentence. To  But your solution works as well 👍

  </summary>

1. Apply the [Application CR](/components/application-connector/#custom-resource-application) definition to the cluster:

  ```yaml
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: applicationconnector.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
  kind: Application
  metadata:
    name: commerce-mock
  spec:
    description: "Application for Commerce mock"
    labels:
      app: orders-service
      example: orders-service
  EOF
  ```

2. Check that the Application CR was created. Its phase should state `deployed`:

   ```bash
   kubectl get application commerce-mock -o=jsonpath="{.status.installationStatus.status}"
   ```
3. Get a token required to connect Commerce mock to the Application CR. To do that, create the [TokenRequest CR](/components/application-connector/#custom-resource-token-request). The CR name must match the name of the application for which you want to get the configuration details. Run this command:

  ```yaml
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: applicationconnector.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
  kind: TokenRequest
  metadata:
    name: commerce-mock
  EOF
  ```

4. Fetch the TokenRequest CR you created to get the token from the status section:

   ```bash

>    kubectl get tokenrequest commerce-mock -o=jsonpath="{.status.url}"

Author: I want the whole URL so that is ok :)

   ```

   Save this output with the token to the clipboard, as you will need it in the next steps.

   > **CAUTION:** The token included in the output is valid for 5 minutes.

  </details>
  <details>
  <summary label="console-ui">
  Console UI
  </summary>

1. Return to the general view in the Console UI by selecting **Back to Namespaces**.
2. Go to **Integration** > **Applications/Systems** and select **Create Application**.
3. Set the application's name to `commerce-mock` and select **Create** to confirm the changes.

  Wait for the application to have the `SERVING` status.

4. Open the newly created application and select **Connect Application**.
5. Copy the whole URL string with the token by clicking **Copy to Clipboard** and select **OK** to close the pop-up box.

  > **CAUTION:** The token included in the URL is valid for 5 minutes.

</details>
</div>

### Connect events

To connect events from Commerce mock to the microservice, follow these steps:  

1. Once in the `order-service` Namespace, go to **Configuration** > **API Rules** > **commerce-mock** in the left navigation panel.
2. Open the link under the **Host** column to access Commerce mock.
3. Click **Connect**.

> 4. Paste the previously copied URL string with the token. Confirm by selecting **Connect** and wait until the application gets connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Paste the previously copied URL with the token. Confirm by selecting **Connect** and wait until the application gets connected.
```

5. Select **Register All** on the **Local APIs** tab or just register **SAP Commerce Cloud - Events** to be able to send events.

Once registered, you will see all Commerce mock APIs and events available under the **Remote APIs** tab.

> > **TIP:** Local APIs are the ones available within the mock application. Remote APIs represent the ones registered in Kyma.

Reviewer: These two sentences confuse me a little as to which are the representations (representer) and which are the actual APIs (representee/represented). 
I feel like the first sentence says that Local APIs are represented (...), while the second one says that Remote APIs represent (...).
I believe they should be balanced equally, one way or another.
```suggestion
> **TIP:** Local APIs are the ones available within the mock application. Remote APIs are the ones registered in Kyma.
```

### Expose events in the Namespace

> To expose events in the `orders-service` Namespace, first create an ApplicationMapping CR to bind the application to the Namespace. Then, provision the Events API in the Namespace using the ServiceInstance CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose events in the `orders-service` Namespace, first create an ApplicationMapping CR to bind the application to the Namespace. Then, enable the Events API in the Namespace using the ServiceInstance CR.
```
We don't provision the Events API, we only enable it. What we provision is the ServiceInstance.

Also, do we treat `the Events API` it the same as `Commerce mock`? As a sample API for the purpose of this tutorial?

Author: Hmm, not sure if I understand your question about `Events API`?

Author: I wrote `events API` instead.

Follow these steps:

<div tabs name="expose-events-in-namespace" group="connect-external-application">
  <details>
  <summary label="kubectl">
  kubectl
  </summary>

1. Create an [ApplicationMapping CR](/components/application-connector/#custom-resource-application-mapping) and apply it to the cluster:

  ```yaml
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: applicationconnector.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
  kind: ApplicationMapping
  metadata:
    name: commerce-mock
    namespace: orders-service
  EOF
  ```

> 2. List the available ServiceClass CRs in the `orders-service` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. List the available ServiceClass CRs in the `orders-service` Namespace:
```
I missed that bit before when I removed the second sentence, sorry.

> 2. List available ServiceClass CR in the `orders-service` Namespace. Under the `EXTERNAL-NAME` column, find one with the `sap-commerce-cloud-events-*` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. List the available ServiceClass CRs in the `orders-service` Namespace.
```

I believe this part `Under the `EXTERNAL-NAME` column, find one with the `sap-commerce-cloud-events-*` prefix.` should move to after the first command, as you find it only after listing all the CRs and immediately copy the name, which is what the next line says.

   ```bash
   kubectl get serviceclasses -n orders-service
   ```

>    Copy the full `EXTERNAL NAME` to an environment variable. See the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Under the `EXTERNAL-NAME` column, find one with the `sap-commerce-cloud-events-*` prefix. Copy the full `EXTERNAL NAME` to an environment variable. See the example:
```

   ```bash
   export EVENTS_EXTERNAL_NAME="sap-commerce-cloud-events-58d21"
   ```

> 3. Provision the Events API in the `orders-service` Namespace by creating a ServiceInstance CR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the Events API in the `orders-service` Namespace by creating a ServiceInstance CR:
```
We don't provision the Events API, we only enable it. What we provision is the ServiceInstance.

  ```yaml
  cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
  apiVersion: servicecatalog.k8s.io/v1beta1
  kind: ServiceInstance
  metadata:
    name: commerce-mock-events
    namespace: orders-service
  spec:
    serviceClassExternalName: $EVENTS_EXTERNAL_NAME
    servicePlanExternalName: default
  EOF
  ```

> 4. Check that the ServiceInstance CR was created. The last condition in the CR status should state `Ready True`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check that the ServiceInstance CR was created. This is indicated by the last condition in the CR status equal to `Ready True`:
```

   ```bash
   kubectl get serviceinstance commerce-mock-events -n orders-service -o=jsonpath="{range .status.conditions[*]}{.type}{'\t'}{.status}{'\n'}{end}"
   ```

  </details>
  <details>
  <summary label="console-ui">
  Console UI
  </summary>

1. Back in the Console UI, go to **Integration** > **Applications/Systems** > **commerce-mock**.

2. Select **Create Binding** to bind the application to the Namespace in which you will later provision the APIs provided by Commerce mock.

3. Select the `orders-service` Namespace and click **Create**.

4. Go to the `orders-service` Namespace view and navigate to **Service Management** > **Catalog**. Once on the **Services** tab, find **SAP Commerce Cloud - Events** and select it.

>    > **TIP:** You can also use the search in the upper right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **TIP:** You can also use the search bar in the upper right corner.
```
Or `search box`/`search engine`/`search mechanism`/`search tool`, not just `search` alone.
`Search` as a noun means an action or an attempt to look for something.

5. Select **Add once** to add the service to the Namespace.

> 6. When the box pops up, change **Name** to `commerce-mock-events`, and confirm the changes by selecting **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When a box pops up, change **Name** to `commerce-mock-events`, and confirm the changes by selecting **Create**.
```
I believe it's the first time you mention any pop-up box in this set of steps.

Note: In one of the previous review parts, we discussed the comma situation, which also occurs here. Please remember to unify it throughout these docs.

Author: Hmmm, I'm not sure what you mean here by the "comma situation." I made two separate sentences out of it - is that ok?

Reviewer: I believe I meant [this discussion here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296/#discussion_r478377224). I also referred to it [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/9296/#discussion_r480373664).

Two sentences work, too 👍

> This way you provisioned the events in the Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way you enabled the events in the Namespace.
```
You don't provision the events themselves, you provision a ServiceInstance for the Events API.
